                                 rRlf's bloody weekend
                                by Second Part To Hell

  When we met last time in summer 2004, we decided to repeat it. Well, all
  started again, when philet0ast3r called me once in winter 2004 after he
  visited a shown by Alf Poier (a totally sick guy from Austria, who was at the
  Songcontest 2002 with a song called 'Weil der Mensch zählt'). I think philie
  was really drunken that time, because he told me he used his gas cost money
  for beer. :) Anyway, we talked about the date, and said that 14/15/16 january
  2005 would be good. We asked DiA if it's ok for him too, and he agreed. Time
  went and soon DiA said he can not come that weekend - so the fat 'event'
  should happen one week later - and it did.

  Invated were philie & girlfriend and DiA. but philie's girlfriend couldn't
  come, so he asked rastafarie (ex-rRlf member), who really came.

  Friday:
  First meeting-related thing at this day was a nice telephon call by DiA's
  mummy :) She asked me if they are still in Austria. Well - nice talk :)
  Normally they should have come at 10 in the evening. But as they had some
  problems finding my village and maybe even harder: me in that small town
  (they drove ~30minutes for a 1 minute way) :), they came at 1 in the night.
  First we did was opening beer: Philet0ast3r, DiA and rastafarie drank one of
  the beer from a nearby city (the best one!!!), and I drank one of DiA's and
  one of philet0ast3r's beer. Both were really good. Then I showed them my
  favorite place in the house: The vine cellar - I noticed by their smileys
  that they really liked the room :). Then - Eating: I made some toasts. 
  rastafarie ate it normal, philie ate a vegetarian toast and DiA asked me
  immediatly if I have enough mustard. We wondered, but then we noticed what he
  meant: DiA = mustard (german: Senf) addicted. His toast looked like that:
  Inside mustard, above it mustard and when he got it, mustard again. After the
  eating he ate the rest of the mustard tube: pure! :)
  After eating we inputed some music and sat down to drink beer and some of the
  wiskey, which they had with them, until I took out our good old friend:
  The KORN80 :) Before drinking I went for a bucket, which we really need.
  And I think I was the first who need it: After the first glass the shit
  didn't want to stay in my stomach - so I puked. Nice feeling when that thing
  like burning oil crosses your neck two times... outsch! :)
  Nevertheless we continued drinking - of course - and next glass philet0ast3r
  had to puke. We had a good laugh again - and continued. It's totally silly
  and selfdestruction, but it didn't bother us. rastafarie, after seeing us
  puking, mixed the KORN with coffee (don't say he's lame, you don't know my
  coffee :D) and DiA was really heavy: He drank the thing like normal water,
  without changing his facial expression in any way. :)
  Then rastafarie said he has a headache, so I gave him some aspirin. Being
  quite drunken (and for DiA and my taste - selfdestructing), we decided to mix
  a real nice drink, which is now the official rRlf drink issue #2:
  KORN80+Aspirin! philet0ast3r and rastafarie were enough intelligent to say
  no, so they did not drink it. Well,DiA and me mixed, and (tried to) drank it.
  I think I was first again: I had to puke as hell, because the drink this time
  couldn't not even pass my neck. It was like a fast input/output process :)
  DiA was better: He drank it...10secs... and then he also puked - about two
  liters :) It was so damn ugly and funny - we nearly could not stopp to laugh,
  and DiA not to puke :) Then we stopped with KORN80 for a while, and drank
  more beer and wiskey (and coffee). Soon I got the idea to of inputting the
  David Hasselhoff's LP disc 'Looking for freedom'. :) I also had the text of
  it, so we *tried* to sing. rastafarie was the main singer and was happy as a
  little child while singing. He really cried euphoric to the sound of David.
  DiA, at that moment, could not talk anything anymore. He drank too much, and
  just noded his head and smiled when we tried to talk with him (maybe we could
  not do it eigther - i forgot). Meanwhile philie did pogo that heavy, that he
  nearly destroyed the chitchen. After David and some beer again, we inputed
  the next LP disc called 'Bubi, Bubi, nocheinmal' (which means something like
  'Babyboy, Babyboy, once again' - totally crazy). Without understanding the
  lyrics, we did just heavy hardcore pogo. Totally funny - 4 rRlf (related)
  guys jumping euphoric crazy at 2m², one more drunken than the other one.
  After the 'Bubi, Bubi, nocheinmal' we sat down again to drink and talk about
  anything we could think of (well, not too much topics, because nobody was
  able to use his brain fully). Then we thought about Kefi (I told him that I'm
  going to send him a bottle of KORN80) and started to write a A4 site of 100%
  senseless text and pictures. While doing this we also got the idea to send
  him more than just a signed bottle KORN80 and a paper with text, so we also
  signed an aspirin (that he's able to make the rRlf drink issue #2), a black
  and a white choco thing, a cigarette, an apple and more stupid/crazy/senseless
  stuff. I really hope that he will like it. :)
  Anywhen, I think about 4-5 in the morning DiA fell asleep and we had a victim
  for our creativity. We got a fat black marker and signed/painted his face :) 
  Also that night the fire in the stove stopped, so we had to reactivate it.
  Therefor we tried the KORN80 - and it worked. 0.1 seconds after doing it into
  the stove, a 2m high flame came back. Looked nice and worked great - it was
  warm again. Soon we realiced that it became bright, so we ate something and
  drank our good-morning-beer. That time also DiA was wake again and was
  astonished about his artistic painted skin. :) We wanted to view a episode
  of 'Family Guy', but we were too tired and decided to go to bed.....

  Saturday:
  We woke up at ~15.00 - some still drunken :) First we did was going to the
  chichen and drink one of the hell drink: KORN80. That day it was better,
  so we decide to empty the bottle, I think there where 3 more rounds, and soon
  everybody was drunken again. I can't really remember what we did until it
  became dark - I think drinking KORN, beer, coffee and smoking. Then we went
  to a field nearby us to ride the bobs rastafarie and philet0ast3r got with
  them. After some funny and even painful rides we decided to went to the next
  pub, because it was cold and beside of DiA's beer we had no alcoholic drinks
  with us. We first went in to drink a Steaming Ranger (1/3 Wiskey, 1/3 cola,
  1/3 orange juice), then we played tablesoccer. I could neighter concentrate
  nor see the balls right, anyway I won most time because the others could not
  do it eighter :D.
  Then we went to another room to play pool.First question: Who plays together?
  We had an excellent fight with our magic pool staffs :) Then we played.
  But soon rastafarie, the clumsy, broke his glass of beer and hurt his finger
  really (!!!) bad. His blood decorated big parts of the floor. We quickly
  asked the barkeeper lady to help us. We (the barkeeper lady, who was afraid
  of blood and me, who was totally drunken) tried to bandage his finger, who
  looked really bad. Somehow we managed it, then I called my mum to drive to
  the next hospital. There rastafarie got known the Austrian health system:
  We had to wait for ~20-25mins until somebody came. It was a X-Ray assistent
  lady, who did not know what to do. Then she tried to cut the bandage of his
  finger, as it was already totally blue. We had to wait for more ~10-15 mins
  until the doctor came. Then everything was really fast: rastafarie got some
  injections, then I went out of the room.Soon (about 10mins later) he came out
  again and said that his vein was broken. Everything seemed to be as good as
  possible, so we drove back to the pub, where DiA and philet0ast3r where still
  drinking beer :) I also continued drinking beer, but rastafarie was not that
  active anymore, and after philie and DiA had fun with destroying the
  photoplay automat, we went home to drink some beer there again and to sign
  everything we could find :). Then we went into the real house. rastafarie
  went to bed as he was kind of stoned by the whole medicine he got, and we
  watched a video philet0ast3r got with him called 'The Story of Richy' or
  something like that. It had no plot, just blood in it. That day I saw more
  blood than ever in my life... At ~3-4 in the night we went to bed.


  Sunday:
  The last day was really short. We stood up at ~9-10 in the morning, and they
  had to drive soon, because DiA must not miss his train in philet0ast3r's
  city. Well, I think we ate something and drank a beer (did we - i can not
  really remember). At ~midday they left, and with it a really great, funny,
  less-sleeping, bloody, alcoholic weekend ended.

  Later this day my brain started to work really again - for the first time
  of the ~2 days :) Well, I really enjoyed the weekend and I'm really looking
  forward meeting for the next time. We have already talked about that:
  It should be in or nearby philet0ast3r's city in summer 2005 and this time
  we want to make it bigger. That means more vxers/related people are invated.
  I really hope some will come... I'll definitivly take with me a KORN80 bottle! :)