			    Computer Virus History: 1986 - 1993

1986:
The first computervirus was written. It was a bootsector-Infector and were programed by two men named Basit and Amjad.
They named there program "virus" because it was able to infect other computers and disks! This virus hadn't a name and it
didn't become spread. The virus only infected 360 kb flobby disks!

Meanwhile a programmer named Ralf Burger made the first file infection virus. He named his "program" VIRDEM!
This virus was able to infect all COM files in the current dir. Burger wrote a book about computer viruses, because of this
many people programed viruses like the first "burger"-virus!



1987:
In 1987 the famouse bootsector virus "Brain" became programed! If start from a infected disk, you will see the label "(c) Brain"!
Brain infected all disk, not only 360kb disks, so brain could be found in the most cases in the world.

In that year a other virus was written, the "Lehigh"-virus. It was a very unsuccessfully virus, because it infected only the COMMAND.COM.

The Vienna virus spreded in Austria. It was a normal .COM infection virus.

In Israel, another programmer begun to write virus. His first named Suriv-01. It was a memory resident virus and was able to infect all .COM files.
It was a much better strategy than than a non-resident virus like vienna.
His second virus named Suriv-02. This was the first .EXE infection virus.
Suriv-03 was his third virus. It was a resident .EXE and .COM infector. This virus is named "JERUSALEM" from AV programs.

In the University of Wellington a student made the "Stoned"-virus! It infected the bootsector of disks and hard disks!



1988:
In that year, many programmer begun to write viruses.

The most famouse virus was the "VIRUS-B". It infected every .COM file in the current dir!



1989:
"Datacrime"-virus was written. It was a overwriting file-virus like the "burger"-viruses. but it destroyed the whole files on the infect computer.

IBM made the first Anti Virus program.



1990:
In Bulgarian the first Virus Groub was found and it named BBS.

The viruses became very complex, so the AVs had much work to analyz and understand these programs!

In the end of 1990 the some AVs found the EICAR group, because they know, they had to organize!



1991:
In the beginnig of that year there were about 250 viruses, but by December 1991 the AVs were counting about 1100 viruses.

"Tequila" was the first full polymorph virus. It was written is Swizerland and it was very widespreaded! This virus also used full stealth technique.

By the end of that year there were a few dozen of polymoprph viruses, that meant much work for the Anti Virus Researcher, because they need a deeper analyz.

A Virus programmer named Dark Avenger coded a polymorph virus, which had about 4.000.000.000 different  form.



1992:
January 1992 saw the Self Mutating Engine (MtE) from Dark Avenger. If that program was included into a normal Virus Sourec Code, the virus became totally polymorph.

An other populary virus at that time was "STARSHIP". It was a polymorph virus, which used some anti-debugging tricks! Starship infected only files, which was copied to a floppy disk, because of the Checksumming from AV-programs.

The greatest event in 1992 was "Michelangelo". It showdown about 5.000-10.000 computers on March the 6th.

In August the first serious virus generator was developed. First the VCL (Virus Creation Laboratory), than Dark ANgel's Phalcom/Skism Mass-Produced Code Generator. Nearly 30 of this viruses become spreaded.



1993:
A new VX-groub was founded in Holland: Trident. This group developed an other polymorph  Engine named GIRAFE. It was much harder to analyz and to detect that viruses and to avoid fals alarming on.

Also the NED group developed a Polymorph Engine named "Itshard". It was more tricky than the MtE.

Dark Angel coded his polymorph Engline DAME (Dark ANgel's Muliple Encrytor). It was not as successful as MtE, because it wrote the same line in every DAME-virus.




I hope you had fun by reading this...

greets,
SeCoNd PaRt To HeLl
spth@jet2web.cc
www.spth.de.vu